 Hi, everyone. My name is Brian Locke. I am going to talk for 10 minutes or so on my research program here at Intermountain. In terms of just hopping in since we don't have a lot of time, I think I've met most folks who are on the call. But for those who I haven't, I'm Brian. I joined Intermountain roughly two years ago. And I have computer science and clinical investigation backgrounds. And I practice in shock trauma and also down in the Schmidt Chest Clinic where I have a subspecialty clinic in chronic respiratory failure. And so it would be folks that need home ventilation or have obesity, hypoventilation syndrome or any other combination. Essentially the population we're going to talk about today. And that my research focuses primarily on trying to better capture data out of the health record to support research on hypercapmic respiratory failure, which right now is primarily describing the disease burden costs, care processes that are occurring now. Although my hope is to build that up to a program that is testing interventions to improve their care. And so just to jump back to our topic, the scale of the problem. You know, so hypercapmic respiratory failure has a substantial health burden that actually doesn't receive much attention as an all-cause syndrome. And I'll talk about why I think it should. If we just think about how often hypercapmic respiratory failure occurs, the best period prevalence estimates put it at somewhere around 150,000, 150 cases per 100,000 people per year. I think that's probably a bit of an underestimate. If you do the math for Utah and we have. Just as a reference, that's probably like double decompensated cirrhosis, which is something else that we take care of a lot in shock trauma. And has a substantial mortality. So 20% in the two months after. And about a quarter of patients are readmitted within 60 days to the hospital, usually with recurrent hypercapmic respiratory failure. And so if we look in Utah, you know, we find evidence that there is quite substantial diagnostic burden. That, you know, when we looked at the all-payer claims data, you know, we see around 15,000 cases that are diagnosed by ICD code, which is a substantial undercount in Utah. And that more pertinent to us, you know, in the Intermountain Select Health co-insured population. You know, there's about 1,000 cases per year in the Canyons region if you include blood class criteria on there. And that by that criterion, you know, these admissions cost about $50,000 per index hospitalization. So, you know, I think my, you know, can better healthcare delivery improve these outcomes? I think there's a big reason to suspect so. When we look at what currently happens in these patients, you know, it's really only about a third or a quarter or one in five that actually have preexisting diagnoses before they come into the hospital. You know, this is in some ways similar to the decompensated cirrhosis in that it's not usually somebody who's never had lung disease and they come in with hypercapmic respiratory failure. And, you know, it's a big problem because the clinical practice guidelines that recommend different strategies of care presume that the diagnosis has already been firmly established. When one of these patients comes into the hospital, there are, it's not possible to get all the testing they would need for that diagnosis. For example, sleep testing has to occur as an outpatient. And if we look, this is statewide at how many folks who have an ICD code of hypercapmic respiratory failure go on to get the correct testing. You know, we see only 15% get pulmonary function testing, 10% get sleep testing. You know, very low. About a third or about a half get echocardiograms. So that's better. And part of the reason is that there is a transfer of care that has to happen between the inpatient teams and the correct specialist, which often the correct specialist isn't known. And so when we think of, you know, what to do here, I think there's a big room for improvement. And so, you know, I mentioned a couple times that the way in which we identify patients matters a lot. And so this is prior work from our group, including Sam and Ithin, that was published in Chess relatively recently. And one of the key findings is if you just look back through the literature at, you know, what methods people have used to identify patients with hypercapmic respiratory failure and health record data, you find that the different strategies authors have taken. It selects non-overlapping people. And the main reason for this is that there are different diagnostic tests. So arterial blood gases, venous blood gases are among the main ones, or whether you try to select an even narrower group of patients based on whether they ultimately needed intervention. And that none of those have good sensitivity for the underlying condition in practice. And so companion work that was presented at a machine learning conference is that you can use a variety of diagnostic or a variety of data elements from the health record, such as bicarbonate risk factors, prior diagnoses, and do a decent job of identifying these people, or at least one that's more stable. So, you know, why does it matter? You know, I think that it takes a lot, you know, that we really need a different workflow for how we manage these patients. And so on the clinical side of the research program, I think the clinic both serves a purpose in that I think it addresses a gap in how these patients are managed. But my goal would be to use it to generate evidence. And so as it is right now, as I mentioned, you know, the Schmidt Chest Clinic is set up to care for some of these patients. Right now we're identifying patients primarily by word of mouth and through the inpatient respiratory therapy teams. There's an AVAPS protocol that can sort of lead to my clinic. And so our strategy for the patients involved in that is that the inpatient clinical teams identify them. They talk with our pulmonary disease navigators, who Megan Hepworth is the primary one, and then myself or Gabriel Norton, who's an APP in clinic, often will handle issues that occur in that peri-discharge period. And that, you know, we sort of quarterback the immediate workout, you know, with the goal saying, hey, this care traditionally has been scattered and there hasn't been a clear who owns, you know, say, a patient who doesn't come to get the needed workup. Who is going to be reaching out to them? It's not totally clear. And so the research side of this is supported through the PCCM seed grant. And I've been using that grant for sort of two parallel data streams. You know, one that I called AIM High, which is a collaboration with Select Health. And we have linked Intermountain and Select Health data and that we've looked back using those various case definitions that they talked about earlier. And our goal is to, you know, both characterize the economics of costs and expenditures for this group and also do some sort of risk prediction and stratification. You know, if the question is, say, you know, clearly all patients who have high CO2 in the hospital aren't at comparable risk. And I suspect that there's patterns of both patient characteristics and health system characteristics that can really stratify who it is that's at highest risk. Because those are the people that we really want to identify in practice so that they can, you know, for example, be referred into my clinic. And so this is one where we're cleaning the data right now and hopeful to have results in the next few months. The second pipeline is something that I'm calling the CO2 path cohort, which is using Utah population database data. And that we've linked both or that we've gotten regulatory authorization for both statewide linkage with the Intermountain and U of U projects. And that this might be a substantially bigger cohort. It's going to have less outcome resolution. And that our main aim with this project is more to more in-depth characterize the statewide burden of disease and what current care people are getting. And so I actually have a meeting later today with the Utah population database to go through some data specifications in that we're sort of moving a little bit slower than on the Select Health side, but forward. And these two research projects are in support of a K23 that I'm going to be resubmitting here later this year. And it submitted this last year, kind of right around the time all of the chaos from the Trump administration came through. And talked to a program officer earlier this year who was actually quite enthusiastic about just resubmitting. The three sort of aims are going to be a sort of discharge risk stratification aim that's primarily built on that select health cohort post-management variation characterization that's going to aim to establish what people are currently doing and what could be done. And then to pilot a small nudge, and I think it'll most likely be out of a sort of cohort of people who are potentially eligible nudging a small subset to come to see me in clinic in a more random or risk targeted practice. And so, you know, my hope from those objectives is to, you know, get a bit more experience analyzing sort of variation akin to what Ethan and Elizabeth Monroe have been doing in sepsis. And then more embedded trial design and prospective study experience. And as I mentioned, you know, the hope would be to build this up into a more definitive efficacy pragmatic trial. You know, I think another sort of perilous stream that may not go through the NIH, but maybe a separate grant to write for a different funder is that, you know, obesity is a major risk factor here. And that most patients with hypercapnic respiratory failure already have an FD designation. And so GLP-1 efficacy in the group is a major unanswered question. And so I think that would be, you know, one other stream that I'm looking through. You know, and that my goal is to sort of continue to become a technologist and methodologist in those spaces. So with all of that, I'll sort of end there and sort of give thanks to the different groups that have supported this and the data team who I've mentioned a couple and there are more. But that, yeah, with that, I'd be happy to take any questions.